>> Lukas Ruebbelke: With that said,
does anybody have any questions
about what we're doing?
With an event coming in, the asynchronous
thing being captured by the effect.
And then once it's done,
it's basically just patching a new action
event to be captured in the reducer.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: The question,
how would handle that sequence?
So say you had to go to one
service to get it then,
and then call another service,
and call another.
Like so you have like three in a row and
they're always serial,
how would you handle that?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
very good question.
Now let's say, and
I've done this, like AddProject.
Instead, what I wanna do is rehydrate.
So I want to add, especially if you
have more than one person working on it.
And you might say, I'm gonna create this
but because I'm mutating the database.
And I know that there's some changes,
I just want to go ahead and
do a refresh which is viable.
What I would do down here
is instead of saying, okay,
I'm going to dispatch, so
add projects, so we've added it.
I would do, new LoadProjects.
And so now what happens,
you create the project.
So it comes in, it completes, and
then it dispatches a new action
which then gets picked up over here and
does something else.
And so now this is the beauty,
remember we talked about managing state,
control flow and code volume.
And this is a really powerful
way to sequence events together.
And what's nice is that this is happening
in one place like the load
project sequence.
But then, I can put that in
the end of like add projects.
And so now, and you don't even need
to do like asynchronous thing but
you can just essentially have at
the end of your effect sequence,
dispatch another action which gets
picked up by a new effect sequence.
And, you know,
start to stack these kind of Standalone
encapsulated pieces of control flow.
So in my mind that if the reducer and
the storage for
state management affects are there for
flow of control.
So, it's a very good question and
that's something that I've done with
actually sequence events together.
Where I've chained like two or
three of them together.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any other questions,
what does everybody think about this,
pretty neat?
Think it's pretty cool, especially now
our services, they're doing one thing.
Like our HTTP service,
they're making server side calls.
Then, and so I will show something else is
that if we look in the projects service,
possibly what I may even do is you see how
here we're kind of fiddling around and
this is okay but more than likely I
would move this into an effect as well.
And so if I were to even take another pass
at this and refactor this, this right here
would more than likely be
moved into an effect because
this is, it's not really necessary,
I can say.
Load the customers then do this and
then just chain them together.